TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF RiE Youth MOBILE APPLICATION

1. This Application
This RiE Youth mobile application (App) is made available by Rest In Essence Australia
Pty Ltd ACN 612 694 916 (RiE).

2. Application of these Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions of use (Terms and Conditions) govern your use of the App.
Downloading, installing or otherwise accessing the App is conclusive evidence of your
acceptance that the Terms and Conditions apply and are binding on you.

3. Important Disclaimer
3.1. The App is intended to help you put strategies in place to improve your daily mental
wellbeing. It is for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for
medical or other professional advice. If you have a suspected or diagnosed mental health
condition you should consult a professional before using the App. You should seek
medical or other professional help when appropriate and should not delay or decline to
seek such help because you are using the App.
3.2. You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, RiE:
(a) does not make any promise or representation as to the accuracy, currency,
usefulness, effectiveness or suitability for purpose of any advice, materials or
information published on the App or that using the App will achieve any particular
outcome; and
(b) accepts no responsibility, and will not be liable to you or any third party, for any
consequences arising directly or indirectly from any action taken or failure to act
based on the use of the App or any advice, materials or information published on
the App.

4. Use of the App
4.1. RiE grants you permission to use the App for personal purposes on your mobile telephone
or other compatible device onto which you have downloaded the App (Device). You must
not use the App for commercial purposes.
4.2. When you download the App, the App will be stored on your Device.
4.3. You must pay the purchase price for the App, if any, at the time of initial downloading.
Except as required by law, the purchase price is not refundable.
4.4. If you are 14 years of age or younger or you do not have a sufficient understanding of the
App, you must only use the App with the consent and supervision of a parent, legal
guardian or person with parental responsibility for you.
4.5. You agree that you will not:
(a) use the App for any unlawful purpose;
(b) interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the operation of the App;
(c) sell, copy, reproduce, transmit, modify, alter, reverse-engineer or emulate the App
in any way; or
(d) copy, modify, alter, amend or use any content, logos, graphics, icons or other
content published by RiE, except as expressly permitted by RiE.
4.6. RiE may suspend or terminate your access to the App if:
(a) you breach, or RiE believes that you have breached, any of these Terms and
Conditions;
(b) RiE believes it is unlawful to allow you to access the App;
(c) RiE detects any suspicious activity with respect to the access to, or use of, the App
by, or purportedly by, you;
(d) RiE decides in its absolute discretion to withdraw or to cease to support the App; or
(e) RiE is unable to provide access to the App due to any circumstance beyond its
reasonable control.
4.7. RiE does not promise that the App will operate uninterrupted, fault-free or without delay.
4.8. To the maximum extent permitted by law, RiE excludes any responsibility or liability for the
unavailability of the App for any reason whatsoever.
4.9. You may terminate your use of the App at any time.
4.10. If you terminate your use of the App, you should consider removing the App from your
Device, by following the instructions from your Device provider regarding the deletion of
mobile applications. Deletion of the App from your Device will result in the loss of all
information or data which you have entered into the App (User Data).

5. User Data
5.1. The proper functioning of the App requires you to enter accurate and complete User Data,
as prompted by the App. You must use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the User
Data entered by you is accurate, current and complete.
5.2. The User Data will be stored on your Device. It is not sent to, or backed up by, RiE. If you
lose your Device, you may lose the User Data unless the data in your device is otherwise
backed up. You agree that RiE will have no liability or responsibility for the loss of User
Data.
5.3. You acknowledge that:
(a) the App is not password protected; and
(b) you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User Data by
restricting access to your Device, including by using password or other access
restrictions, to protect such information.
5.4. You agree that RiE is allowed to use the User Data for the purpose of operating the App.

6. Liability and Indemnities
6.1. Nothing in this clause 6 excludes, restricts or modifies any terms, conditions or warranties,
or RiE’s liability for them, which are imposed or implied by statute and by statute cannot
be excluded, restricted or modified. Limitations and exclusions are made only to the
maximum extent that RiE may legally do so.
6.2. Subject to clause 6.1, the maximum aggregate liability of RiE arising out of or in
connection with these Terms and Conditions, whether arising under contract, in tort
(including negligence), in equity, under statute or otherwise, will be limited to $1.00.
6.3. You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified RiE, its directors, officers, employees and
agents, against any and all liability or claim incurred or suffered by RiE arising from or in
any way connected with:
(a) a breach by you of any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions; or
(b) any act or default or omission or wilful misconduct or negligence of you in
connection with these Terms and Conditions,
provided that you will not be liable under this clause 6.3 to the extent to which the liability
or claim is caused or contributed to by any negligent or wrongful act or omission or wilful
misconduct of RiE or any of its directors, officers, employees and agents.

7. Third Party Websites
The App may contain links to websites operated, controlled or produced by third parties.
Unless otherwise indicated, RiE does not control, endorse, sponsor or approve such third
party websites or their content nor does RiE provide any warranty or take any
responsibility whatsoever for any aspect of those websites or their content.

8. Complaints
If you wish to submit a complaint in writing to RiE in relation to the App, you should
contact RiE using the contact details below:
Email: info@restinessence.com.au

9. Privacy
RiE will comply with its obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)(Act) and will deal
with Personal Information (as that term is defined in the Act) in accordance with its
published privacy policy. This policy is available on request or on RiE’s website
www.restinessence.com.au/rie-youth-app/.

10. Amendment of Terms and Conditions
10.1. RiE may at any time amend the Terms and Conditions and may notify you of these
changes by publishing the revised Terms and Conditions on its website.
10.2. If RiE publishes the revised Terms and Conditions on its website, the revised Terms and
Conditions take effect from the effective date noted in the Terms and Conditions or 30
days after the date of publication on the website, whichever is later.

11. Severance
If any provision or part of any provision of these Terms and Conditions is invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, such provision or part thereof will be severed from the Terms and
Conditions and the remainder will continue in full force and effect.

12. Assignment
RiE may assign its rights or novate its rights or obligations under these Terms and
Conditions (in whole or in part) to any person without your consent.

13. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
in force in the State of New South Wales. Each party submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales.